Uncle Yoyo Gu, have you seen my horse fan?
Why didn't he come back all night?
Your mommy
He must have gone for a morning run
Are you hungry? Uncle will take you to eat delicious food.
Can you eat anything?
You can eat anything.
Then I want to eat Malatang
I'm sorry, Mr. Gu
There is no Malatang in our hotel.
Can you have it now?
We will arrange it for you immediately.
It's the Tokyo version of fish balls.
King crab, crab sticks made of crab meat
The spicy soup base is all abalone and sea cucumber
Drowning in fishing
Its difficult to use
Try it.
This is the best Malatang I've ever had
Uncle Guo
You also like white sugar and vinegar bowls when you eat Malatang
I have lived most of my life
I've never seen anyone with the same taste as me